[website] Update the careers's page with the new roles (#32535)
mui/material-ui: docs/src/pages/careers/react-engineer-core.md

We are a fully distributed team, spread across multiple timezones.
We work mainly asynchronously, relying mostly on written collaboration.
Every contributor has the freedom to define how they work — the rest of us won't know what you're doing day-to-day unless you tell us.
For additional details about the MUI team and culture, you can check our [careers](/careers/) and [about](/about/) pages and also our [public Handbook](https://mui-org.notion.site/Handbook-f086d47e10794d5e839aef9dc67f324b).

## Why we're hiring

Both our open-source community and our premium products are growing fast (x2-3 YoY).
We need talented people to keep that going!

The core components team (MUI Core) needs help.
They are working on 4 products (Material UI, MUI Base, Joy UI, and MUI System) with a tiny team.

We also need help to continue to improve the health of the open-source product: make the core components easier to use, engage more with the community, polish all the details, make the components more accessible, guiding developers to answers, and just generally being a positive presence in the open-source community.

## About the role

### Why this is interesting

> Our solution empowers React developers to build awesome applications faster – we see over a million developers on MUI's docs every month. – hundreds of thousands of developers use MUI every month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our solution empowers React developers to build awesome applications faster – we see over a million developers on MUI's docs every month. Hundreds of thousands of developers use MUI every month.
```

> The core components are massively used, you will receive a lot of feedback from your work. The community has high expectations, they will push you to do better, every day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core components are widely used, you will receive a lot of feedback from your work. The community has high expectations, they will push you to do better, every day.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core components are widely used, you will receive a lot of feedback for your work. The community has high expectations, they will push you to do better, every day.
```

Should we also replace "from" with "for"?

Author: "on", I would argue. e.g.

https://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=COM:2004:0158:FIN:EN:PDF

<img width="645" alt="Screenshot 2022-05-25 at 02 06 26" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/170151452-c8734006-088f-41a4-b574-91fa6b297c2f.png">

### What you'll do on a day-to-day basis

Depending on the day, you'll:

- **Help guide architectural decisions**.
  The future of MUI is discussed and planned in our public RFCs and issues.
  You'll be helping drive these conversations and guiding MUI toward the best possible solutions.
- **Contribute to deep, meaningful refactors and feature releases**.

>   MUI is a complex codebase. Components we've shipped recently, such as the data grid have required months of dedicated, careful work.

Reviewer: The data grid isn't a core component.

Reviewer 2: Agree, we could mention the unstyled components.

Author: oops, copy & paste

- **Collaborate with the community**.
  Many small as well as meaningful fixes and features have been contributed by the community. Your role is to draw the best out of the community — to inspire those across the world to create and contribute through your reviews of their issues and pull requests.
- **Experiment and play**. Great, unexpected features and heisenbug fixes have come from a number of sources — relentlessly methodical processes of elimination, free-flowing team collaboration, inspiration by adjacent libraries and projects, and difficult-to-explain individual strokes of brilliance. Whatever your preferred style is for creating new things that others might not have thought of, you'll find a welcome home on the team.
- **Take ownership of features from idea/mockup to live deployment**.
  You'll shape and guide the direction of crucial new features, including new components.
- **Ship. Early and often**. You'll iterate and ship frequently.
  You'll have a real impact on the end-user experience and you'll love working on a team that builds stunning UIs and prioritizes delivering real user value as often as possible.

> - **You'll be interacting with the users** on a regular basis, handling inbound support and feature requests (every developer helps with developer requests).

Reviewer 2: I think we specifically add something related to a11y? Or maybe as part of the "Skills you should have" section

Author: Feel free to iterate on it
